Connect for React API (#52)
aragon/connect: packages/connect-react/README.md

> # Aragon Connect for React

Reviewer: Should we also leave some notes in the gitbooks docs for this library?

## Introduction

> Aragon Connect for React provides a series of utilities that make Aragon Connect integrated into a React environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aragon Connect for React provides a series of utilities that simplify the usage of Aragon Connect in a React environment.
```

> It consists of the `<Connect />` component, on which a connection to an organization is described, and a series of hooks: `useApps()`, `useOrganization()`, `usePermissions()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of the `<Connect />` component, through which a connection to an organization is described, and a series of hooks: `useApps()`, `useOrganization()`, `usePermissions()`.
```

## Usage

```jsx
import {
  Connect,
  useApps,
  useOrganization,
  usePermissions,
} from '@aragon/connect-react'

function App() {

>   // connect-react functions return three things: the data, the error, and the loading state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // connect-react hooks return three things: the data, the error, and the loading state.
```

But I think this needs to be changed, right? Should we point to the types?
